Support shoot access restriction configurations in `CloudProfile`, `Seed`, and `Shoot` APIs (#10654)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot/access_restrictions.md

---

> title: Access Restrictions

Reviewer: I think this feature is only related to compliance, so can we move it under `docs/usage/compliance/access_restrictions.md`?

Author: I don't see a `compliance` folder yet. Also, I'm not convinced creating one now and moving the doc there. You could argue that the maintenance doc talking about automatic version upgrades is also related to compliance. However, it is in `usage/shoot`.
Generally, I don't fully understand the structure now. For example, I think it's very subjective whether something is considered "advanced" or not (why is `shoot_cleanup.md` in `advanced`, while `shoot_scheduling_profiles.md` is not)? Anyways, let's not discuss this topic here.

---

# Access Restrictions

Access restrictions can be configured in the `CloudProfile`, `Seed`, and `Shoot` APIs.
They can be used to implement access restrictions for seed and shoot clusters (e.g., if you want to ensure "EU access"-only or similar policies).

## `CloudProfile`

The `.spec.regions` list contains all regions that can be selected by `Shoot`s.
Operators can configure them with a list of access restrictions that apply for each region, for example:

```yaml
spec:
  regions:
  - name: europe-central-1
    accessRestrictions:
    - name: eu-access-only
  - name: us-west-1
```

> This configurations means that `Shoot`s selecting the `europe-central-1` region **can** configure an `eu-access-only` access restrictions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This configuration means that `Shoot`s selecting the `europe-central-1` region **can** configure an `eu-access-only` access restriction.
```
